welcome okay first thing congratulations
to everyone at in exile for an extremely
successful Kickstarter campaign for
tormund great job and good luck second
importantly I don't want to oversell
this but you might want to pressurize
the room that you're in because your
head could explode from what you're
about to see we're going to show you our
game for the first time not gameplay but
the environment and some characters in
it and we're very excited and pretty
proud of what we've been able to produce
when we approach these environments we
wanted to hit three things that were
very important to us
first is quality of the art which sort
of speaks for itself but the art that we
put into games like ISO and Dale and I
Swindell - especially are reflected a
certain aesthetic that we wanted to make
sure that we had second unique we wanted
these levels to look very unique and
cool and memorable and then third
dynamism and dynamism is something that
actually was usually lacking in the
Infinity action games because they were
2d and very sort of sprite and tile
based we believe we hit all of those
goals um when I'm talking about dynamism
specifically in this demo the things I'm
talking about our movement within the
scene so things like trees moving and
grass moving which is subtle but makes
the area feel a little more alive
also things like dynamic water which
also includes the ability to raise and
lower water which we'll be showing you
in the demo and third dynamic lighting
this dynamic lighting includes a
day/night cycle but it also means actual
dynamic lighting of the scene in real
time which is pretty cool so here you go
take a look
[Music]
all right so as a reminder that's all 2d
stuff that's all renders that we
rendered from a 3d image and then
touched up in 2d
there's no 3d geometry actually in that
scene and it's running on a totally
normal run-of-the-mill PC do you think
I'm lying you're wrong
take a look at this that is actually the
level in unity that we were running in
the game like I said we're very happy
with how things have turned out there's
still some more experimentation we're
going to do with some of these dynamic
elements but we're really happy with the
direction it's going we hope you guys
are too special thanks to everyone on
the team who helped make this possible
it was a very large group effort turned
out really great especially want to give
thanks to Hector Espinoza our lead
environment artist who modeled that
whole area and also to Michael Edwards
our rendering programmer who did some
amazing amazing stuff so that's it for
this week hope you liked it let us know
what you think on our forums and we'll
see you next week